lets modify our company name to better match the email style, lets also make sure the logo is white (when its going
  to be inside the navy header) as it is also navy and thus impossible to see, in the Your Path to Passing email we
  need to remove language that insinuates guarantees "I want to leave you with this truth: You have everything you
  need to pass the CPA exam." cant say that. also change the title of this email so that it doesnt insinuate that our
  course will make them pass. "Trust your review course but verify with the AICPA Blueprint" we should change this
  statement too as our course is based off the AICPA Blueprint and we dont want our users to see this and doubt us,
  "When you pass, come back and share your story—it helps the next candidate" change this to ensure it doesnt sound
  like they WILL pass, In the Making 10-15 hours work email, we have to change this "That's absolutely enough to
  pass—you'll just need a longer timeline." to not insinuate guarantees, change: Here's how to make your limited hours
  work harder.

  Recommended Resources
  Study Hours Calculator
  Calculate your realistic timeline
  Working Full Time Guide
  Strategies for busy schedules, to better reflect the current state of our project. make sure the changes we made
  before are committed and pushed because i cant see the support or contact pages. Then do a full audit of all emails
  to eliminate any other missed guarantee language and replace it with something else. Update our emails to best fit
  our current dashboard capabilities.

- in the "Your CPA Study Plan is Ready!" email, make sure the review your study plan button brings them to their study plan, not just the study plan builder on our site. if that requires building a place to store their study plan in their dashboard we can do that

- CPA Strategies for Working Professionals needs to be changed to CPA Exam Strategies for Working Professionals. In this email, we need to rmove any references to having strategies from candidates or cpas or anyone because its fabricated (eg These strategies come from candidates who studied while working demanding jobs.) also, make sure to recommend our dashboard as a resource

- add links to the Meridian CPA Academy on every email besides the password reset

- 

- 
